Remove obsolete volume mask (#1765)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/guides/nest2_to_nest3/nest2_to_nest3_overview.rst

  |                                                                  |                                                                     |
  +------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+

Masks
^^^^^

> The ``volume`` mask is removed with NEST 3.0, you can use ``box`` mask instead. The ``volume`` mask was only in NEST
> for backward compatibility, in fact the two masks are identical, except for the name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NEST 3.0, the mask ``volume`` got removed, as the same mask was already available under the name ``box``.
The former was only available in NEST for backward compatibility.
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM
